1.Popularity of various Uber drivers.

- In this case the only way of collecting the information in identifying the popularity of uber drivers is through survey.the survey may consist only one question like in the case of rating using stars or asking multiple questions in random orders to combat biasness in the answers.

2. A grocery store wants to know how much people like strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla ice cream.

- Survey is the best way to go in this case too.The more people filled the survey,the better statistical power the analysis will have in identifying the difference in peoples taste on the ice creams.Randomization in the order of the questions may also have significant effect by removing the behavioral biasness.

3.Trojan wants to know whether their condoms are more popular among straight people or gay people.

- Survey will be very difficult to conduct in situation like this as people show some conservativeness in disclosing their sexual orientation.And many people don't like questions related to gender which is the primary purpose of the study.It might be better to conduct the data with anonymous people but the question is how do you conduct survey to anonymous people.It may be possible by asking people to fill it via pencil and paper with out printing their name and put it in a ballot boxes.

4.Recently, rental rates for HappyCars have increased by 30%, which is quite unusual.You want to find out why this is happening and how to keep the increase going.

This increase has nothing to do with survey results as it is the system in the management which decides about the increase and they have their own measures.The only time we may need survey is to see if there is considerable amount of customer churn because of the increase in rental rate.

5.Assessing the success rate of a new advertising campaign.

the scuccess rate of an advertising campaign is measured by the real time result in sales in the product and services or any other result measures,not by what people responds about it or weather they say they will buy it or not. Therefore i would not recommend survey in this case. 

6.Measuring the effect of nurse/patient ratio on patient recovery rates in hospital wards.

This information can be gathered from the real interaction of nurse/patient ratio.Real results have to collected by applying different ratios and study the effect.we might use survey to support our findings but on its own survey results can not make that distinction.Therefore i would not recommend using survey in this situation.